- GUIDE: HOW TO USE -
One of your trillion questions would be, "how do you use that thing?", well it's actually very simple.
What to know:
1. When the program starts for the first time, it will automatically save all your minecraft settings, that
   means you dont have use the command "save".
2. Optifine and Shaders settings will also be saved as long they were found on your minecraft directory.
3. When it detects that some files were missing on your minecraft directory but found on your
   recent backup, it will automatically restore the files, else it will do nothing about it.
4. When you save a new recent or profile backup and the options already exist in the backup, it will rename
   all the old backuped settings "old", example: options.old.txt
5. You cannot load a backup if minecraft is running.
6. You cannot make a profile that has special characters, but it allows dot(.), underscore(_) and dash(-).
7. You can also use the quick-commands, read more at the menu of the program.
8. When it asks you to type something, you can go back with the commands "back|leave|menu|quit" or just
   press enter when typed nothing in the box.
9. There are no premade profiles.

LESSON #1: HOW TO USE QUICK REVENT SAVES
1. When you start the program for the first time it will save all your available options (settings), but if you want
   to save a new recent backup just type "save".
2. When you want to load a recent backup, type "load". But keep in mind that this is not possible if minecraft
   is running. (Note that any java application that is running can cause it to not allow you to load backups)

LESSON #2: HOW TO USE PROFILES
- What are profiles?: Profiles, in short, are multiple backups.
1. When you start the program for the first time, you won't find any profiles. To create one, type "create profile"
   or for quicker, type "create profile [profile name]". Your minecraft settings will be automatically backuped on
   that profile.
2. When you want to save your minecraft settings in a profile, type "save in" or for quicker "save in [profile]
3. When you want to load a profile type "load profile" or "load profile [profile]"
4. To list all your profiles, type "plist".
5. To delete a profile, type "delete profile" or "delete profile [profile]"
6. To delete all your profiles, type "delete all profiles".

LESSON #3: HOW TO SAVE YOUR MOD CONFIGS
- What are mod configs?: Settings that were saved while using Forge mods or Fabric mods.
1. Configs are not saved when you start the program for the first time. To save your configs, type "save configs".
2. To load your configs, type "load configs".